So here we go.
Your neighbor
I'm about to tremble for what I just did
pay the price
President Manan is here
There is a long way to welcome
Excuse me.
Your presence.
It will make Gaze Group shine hahaha
President Nalan
I am Lin Chusheng
Projects cooperated by Zhongzhou Chamber of Commerce and our group
I've always been in charge
President Nalan
It's over.
President Nalan must be really angry with this look
Our group's project is probably hopeless
It's all awesome
Did you know?
The Yongzhou Chamber of Commerce agreement cannot be reached
How much have I lost in the whole group?
Hi.
Fortunately, Chu Sheng is still waiting for President Nalan
Xiao Xiao calmed his anger
The relationship between Chusheng and President Nalan
I believe this will turn around.
President Nalan
For Lin Fan bumping into you
Responsibility has been taken within the group
From now on
Lin Fan will not serve as anyone in our group
At that time, the family council had also made a decision
Drive Lin Fan out of the family